DOCS-4251-flat-file-example-v4.3-cv (#1959)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-cookbook-flat-file-read-and-write.adoc

= Read and Write a Flat File
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: studio, anypoint, transform, transformer, format, xml, json, dataweave, data weave, datamapper, dwl, dfl, dw, flat file

The following DataWeave examples show you how to read the contents of a flat file, and also how to write a flat file following the specified schema.

> When you work with flat files, configure the flat file schema to use either for the write or read operations. The flat file schema defines the structure of a flat file, and this enables Mule to write and read in such format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you work with flat files, configure the flat file schema to use for either the write or read operations. The flat file schema defines the structure of a flat file, and this enables Mule to write and read in such format.
```

== Example of Reading a Flat File

The following example application consists of:

> 

Reviewer: No periods. See style ref. "bullet lists."

http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core/current/mule-ee.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file/current/mule-file.xsd">
  <file:config name="File_Config" doc:name="File Config" />
  <configuration-properties doc:name="Configuration properties" file="flatfileconfig.properties" />
  <flow name="ReadFlatfileFlow" >
    <scheduler doc:name="Scheduler">
      <scheduling-strategy>
        <fixed-frequency frequency="10000" />
      </scheduling-strategy>
    </scheduler>
    <file:read doc:name="Read flat file" config-ref="File_Config"
    path="${fileReadPath}"
    outputMimeType='application/flatfile; schemapath=${schemaPath}'/> //<1>
    <ee:transform doc:name="Transform to JSON"  >
      <ee:message >
        <ee:set-payload ><![CDATA[%dw 2.0
        output application/json
        ---
        payload]]>
        </ee:set-payload>
      </ee:message>
    </ee:transform>
    <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message='#[payload]' />
  </flow>
</mule>
----

<1> Note that the File Read operation configures the following attributes:

> +

Reviewer: no periods

* `path`: The path of the flat file to read.
* `outputMimeType`: The output MIME type of the content, in this case `application/flatfile`.

> * `schemapath`: Reader property that specifies the path to the flat file schema (`.ffs` file).

Reviewer: parallelism
```suggestion
* `schemapath`: The reader property that specifies the path to the flat file schema (`.ffs` file)
```

== Example of Writing a Flat File

The following example application contains:

> 

Reviewer: no periods

. A Scheduler component that triggers the flow.
. A Set Payload component that sets a JSON object as the payload.
. A Transform component that transforms a JSON payload to the specified flat file format.
. A Logger component that outputs the current payload.
. A File Write operation that outputs the payload to a flat file in the specified target path.

image:mruntime-write-flat-file.png[Example Mule application]

> Application XML File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Application XML File
```

    	<scheduling-strategy >
        <fixed-frequency frequency="10000" />
    	</scheduling-strategy>
    </scheduler>
    <set-payload value='#[{&#10;  "IDN": {&#10;    "Record Type": "IDN",&#10;    "ID Number": 12345678&#10;  },&#10;  "NAM": {&#10;    "Record Type": "NAM",&#10;    "Name": "Max Mule"&#10;  },&#10;  "AGE": {&#10;    "Record Type": "AGE",&#10;    "Age": 34&#10;  }&#10;}]' doc:name="Set Payload" />
    <ee:transform doc:name="Transform to flat file"> //<1>
    	<ee:message>
        <ee:set-payload><![CDATA[%dw 2.0
        output application/flatfile schemaPath = "${schemaPath}"
        ---
        {
        NAM: {
          Name: payload.NAM.Name	},
        AGE: {
          Age: payload.AGE.Age
        },
        IDN: {
          "ID Number": payload.IDN.'ID Number'
        }
        }]]>
      </ee:set-payload>
    	</ee:message>
    </ee:transform>
    <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message='#[payload]'/>
    <file:write doc:name="Write flat file" config-ref="File_Config" path="${fileWritePath}" /> //<2>
	</flow>
</mule>
----

<1> Note that the Transform component specifies the following writer properties in the script header:

> +

Reviewer: no periods

* `output`: The output MIME type of the transformation, in this case `application/flatfile`.

> * `schemapath`: Writer property that specifies the path to the flat file schema (`.ffs` file).

Reviewer: parallelism
```suggestion
* `schemapath`: The Writer property that specifies the path to the flat file schema (`.ffs` file)
```

> <2> The File Write operation specifies the `path` property to define where to write the flat file.

Reviewer: parallelism?
```suggestion
<2> The File Write operation that specifies the `path` property to define where to write the flat file
```

= Read and Write a Flat File
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: studio, anypoint, transform, transformer, format, xml, json, dataweave, data weave, datamapper, dwl, dfl, dw, flat file

The following examples show you how to read the contents of a flat file, and also how to write a flat file following the specified schema. Each example consists of a Mule application that uses DataWeave to read and write flat files.

> When you work with flat files, configure the flat file schema to use for either the write or read operations. The flat file schema defines the structure of a flat file, and this enables Mule to write and read in this format.

Reviewer 2: Maybe not a big deal, and I understand this has been copyedited already. Still, I'm wondering if we should put "read" and "write" in monospace font when using them to describe a type of operation. I'm not sure if translators will translate those words.  Maybe it doesn't matter. 

It's not straightforward here bc we mean to use the words somewhat generically.

An alternative might be "to use for reading or writing flat file content" or some such. 

Or maybe just delete "to use for either the write or read operations," since the next sentence makes that point clear anyway.

These example applications are configured to work with the sample flat file data and the example flat file schema provided in xref:dataweave-flat-file-schemas#full_schema_ex[Flat File Schemas].

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe add any Prerequisites around understanding how to configure properties that define paths and how to add a connector to an app so that its dependency appears in the POM file and it and its editable fields will appear as they should in the UI.

== Example of Reading a Flat File

The following example application consists of:

. A Scheduler component that triggers the flow
. A File Read operation that reads a flat file from the specified path

> . A Transform component that transforms the content read from the flat file to JSON format

Reviewer 2: Not a big deal, but in the Studio UX, the full name is Transform Message, so we usually write "Transform Message component" (https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/Term+Presentation+Reference)

image:mruntime-read-flat-file.png[Example Mule application]

.Application XML File
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<mule xmlns:file="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file"
  xmlns:ee="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core"
  xmlns="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core"
  xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation"
  xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
  xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core/current/mule-ee.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file/current/mule-file.xsd">
  <file:config name="File_Config" doc:name="File Config" />
  <configuration-properties doc:name="Configuration properties" file="flatfileconfig.properties" />
  <flow name="ReadFlatfileFlow" >
    <scheduler doc:name="Scheduler">
      <scheduling-strategy>
        <fixed-frequency frequency="10000" />
      </scheduling-strategy>
    </scheduler>
    <file:read doc:name="Read flat file" config-ref="File_Config"

>     path="${fileReadPath}"

Reviewer 2: I spent a bit of time troubleshooting my config property setting for path="${fileReadPath}" before the I could get the example to work. 

I had put my data file (myff.ff) under src/main/resources in the Mule project dir. In my flatfileconfig.properties file, I had to write the path to the file without quotes and without my home dir prefix (/Users/me/). That was totally different from the way I had to do it for schemapath=${schemaPath}'.

My flatfileconfig.properties file ended up looking like this, which I did not expect...

> fileReadPath: AnypointStudio/studio-workspace-7.9/docs-4251-flat-file-cris/src/main/resources/myff.ff
> 
> schemaPath: "/Users/me/AnypointStudio/studio-workspace-7.9/docs-4251-flat-file-cris/src/main/resources/myffs.ffs"

Reviewer 2: When I moved the files onto my desktop, I still had to drop the quotes around the full file path but did not have to drop the home dir prefix. And I could also drop the quotes on the schemaPath.

> 
> fileReadPath: /Users/me/Desktop/testflatfile/myff.ff
> 
> schemaPath: /Users/me/Desktop/testflatfile/myffs.ffs

With the quotes around the full path to myff.ff, I got an error like this:
Message               : Path '/Users/duke/"/Users/sduke/Desktop/testflatfile/myff.ff"' doesn't exist

And this also worked without quotes:

> fileReadPath: Desktop/testflatfile/myff.ff
> 
> schemaPath: Desktop/testflatfile/myffs.ffs

    outputMimeType='application/flatfile; schemapath=${schemaPath}'/> //<1>
    <ee:transform doc:name="Transform to JSON"  >
      <ee:message >
        <ee:set-payload ><![CDATA[%dw 2.0
        output application/json
        ---
        payload]]>
        </ee:set-payload>
      </ee:message>
    </ee:transform>
    <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message='#[payload]' />
  </flow>
</mule>
----

<1> Note that the File Read operation configures the following attributes:
+

> * `path`: The path of the flat file to read

Reviewer 2: Setting the config properties is the right practice imho. But given the issues people can run into with them, maybe we could say as a prerequisite that people understand how to set configuration properties. Given my issue (described below) with setting fileReadPath, maybe something more is also needed. (TBD: Perhaps the docs on config props need more explanation around setting paths. There could be app and OS impacts on the behavior... probably needs investigation.) 

The //<1> notation in the XML breaks the example. Same goes for the other example. Can we use something like the following in XML (or does that not work)?

> &lt; !--<1>-->

Reviewer 2: Also for lazy copy/pasters like me, maybe mention that adding the File connector in addition to setting the configuration properties is a dependency if they intend to copy/paste? This applies to both examples.

Without the connector, the edit area in the Read operation I'd copied into the config XML didn't  show up in the Studio UI. 

I assume this is related to the Maven dependency you mentioned before. 

Alternatively, I guess people could copy the dependency into their POM file, but any version we wrote in the docs could get outdated. 

> 		<dependency>
> 			<groupId>org.mule.connectors</groupId>
> 			<artifactId>mule-file-connector</artifactId>
> 			<version>1.3.4</version>
> 			<classifier>mule-plugin</classifier>
> 		</dependency>

        "Type": "DB"
      },
      "BCH": {
        "Record Type": "BAT",
        "Company Name": "AJAX EXPLOSIVES",
        "Sequence Number": 5,
        "Unique Batch Identifier": "A000000002",
        "Batch Function": "H"
      }
    }
  ],
  "RQF": {
    "Record Type": "RQF",
    "File Batch Count": 2,
    "File Transaction Count": 8,
    "File Transaction Amount": 116876,
    "Unique File Identifier": "A000000001",
    "Type": "CR"
  },
  "RQH": {
    "Record Type": "RQH",
    "File Creation Time": "10:10:00",
    "File Creation Date": "2018-09-01",
    "Currency": "USD",
    "Unique File Identifier": "A000000001"
  }
}
----

== Example of Writing a Flat File

The following example application contains:

. A Scheduler component that triggers the flow
. A File Read operation that reads a file containing the JSON output from the previous example
. A Transform Message component that transforms the JSON payload to the specified flat file format
. A Logger component that outputs the current payload
. A File Write operation that outputs the payload to a flat file in the specified target path

image:mruntime-write-flat-file.png[Example Mule application]

> .Application XML File

Reviewer 2: worked as expected :)
Nice example!

I honestly think the only things that might trip up newbies are the property configs and the Maven dependency.

= Read and Write a Flat File
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: studio, anypoint, transform, transformer, format, xml, json, dataweave, data weave, datamapper, dwl, dfl, dw, flat file

The following examples show you how to read the contents of a flat file, and also how to write a flat file following the specified schema. Each example consists of a Mule application that uses DataWeave to read and write flat files.

> When you work with flat files, configure the flat file schema to use for either the write or read operations. The flat file schema defines the structure of a flat file, and this enables Mule to write and read in such format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you work with flat files, configure the flat file schema to use for either the write or read operations. The flat file schema defines the structure of a flat file, and this enables Mule to write and read in this format.
```

These example applications are configured to work with the sample flat file data and the example flat file schema provided in xref:dataweave-flat-file-schemas#full_schema_ex[Flat File Schemas].

== Example of Reading a Flat File

The following example application consists of:

. A Scheduler component that triggers the flow
. A File Read operation that reads a flat file from the specified path
. A Transform component that transforms the content read from the flat file to JSON format

> . A Logger component that outputs the current payload

Reviewer: Nice!

http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core/current/mule-ee.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file/current/mule-file.xsd">
  <file:config name="File_Config" doc:name="File Config" />
  <configuration-properties doc:name="Configuration properties" file="flatfileconfig.properties" />
  <flow name="ReadFlatfileFlow" >
    <scheduler doc:name="Scheduler">
      <scheduling-strategy>
        <fixed-frequency frequency="10000" />
      </scheduling-strategy>
    </scheduler>
    <file:read doc:name="Read flat file" config-ref="File_Config"
    path="${fileReadPath}"
    outputMimeType='application/flatfile; schemapath=${schemaPath}'/> //<1>
    <ee:transform doc:name="Transform to JSON"  >
      <ee:message >
        <ee:set-payload ><![CDATA[%dw 2.0
        output application/json
        ---
        payload]]>
        </ee:set-payload>
      </ee:message>
    </ee:transform>
    <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message='#[payload]' />
  </flow>
</mule>
----

<1> Note that the File Read operation configures the following attributes:
+
* `path`: The path of the flat file to read

> * `outputMimeType`: The output MIME type of the content, in this case `application/flatfile`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `outputMimeType`: The output MIME type of the content, in this case. `application/flatfile`
```

> * `outputMimeType`: The output MIME type of the content, in this case `application/flatfile`

Reviewer: Also nice!

* `schemapath`: The reader property that specifies the path to the flat file schema (`.ffs` file)

> === Transformation Output

Reviewer: I wonder if it is clear how this subtopic relates to the previous container?
I don't know...I feel like we might need some "input" subhead to be a peer to this "output" title?
Also, can we have just a bit of text here to transition from title to syntax?

Reviewer: Oh! Are you using a title here to work as a head? 
I believe in semantic tagging: tagging for what it is rather than how it looks, so...I'd be tempted to use a sentence here instead of a heading.

          "Sequence Number": 7,
          "Amount": 256,
          "Account Number": "1234567891",
          "Batch Function": "D",
          "Type": "CR"
        }
      ],
      "BCF": {
        "Record Type": "BAT",
        "Sequence Number": 8,
        "Batch Transaction Count": 2,
        "Batch Transaction Amount": 3326,
        "Unique Batch Identifier": "A000000002",
        "Batch Function": "T",
        "Type": "DB"
      },
      "BCH": {
        "Record Type": "BAT",
        "Company Name": "AJAX EXPLOSIVES",
        "Sequence Number": 5,
        "Unique Batch Identifier": "A000000002",
        "Batch Function": "H"
      }
    }
  ],
  "RQF": {
    "Record Type": "RQF",
    "File Batch Count": 2,
    "File Transaction Count": 8,
    "File Transaction Amount": 116876,
    "Unique File Identifier": "A000000001",
    "Type": "CR"
  },
  "RQH": {
    "Record Type": "RQH",
    "File Creation Time": "10:10:00",
    "File Creation Date": "2018-09-01",
    "Currency": "USD",
    "Unique File Identifier": "A000000001"
  }
}
----

== Example of Writing a Flat File

The following example application contains:

. A Scheduler component that triggers the flow

> . A Set Payload component that sets a JSON object as the payload
> +
> This operation uses the JSON output from the previous example to set the payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. A Set Payload component that sets a JSON object as the payload, in this case, the JSON output from the previous example
```

. A File Write operation that outputs the payload to a flat file in the specified target path

image:mruntime-write-flat-file.png[Example Mule application]

.Application XML File
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<mule xmlns:file="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file"
  xmlns:ee="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core"
  xmlns="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core"
  xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation"
  xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
  xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/ee/core/current/mule-ee.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/file/current/mule-file.xsd">
  <file:config name="File_Config" doc:name="File Config" />
  <configuration-properties doc:name="Configuration properties" file="flatfileconfig.properties" />
  <flow name="WriteFlatFile" >
    <scheduler doc:name="Scheduler" >
    	<scheduling-strategy >
        <fixed-frequency frequency="10000" />
    	</scheduling-strategy>
    </scheduler>

>     <set-payload doc:name="Set Payload" doc:id="b2c2dc46-dd74-4d95-bde3-e6b761055468" value='#[{&#10;  "Batch": [&#10;    {&#10;      "TDR": [&#10;        {&#10;          "Record Type": "BAT",&#10;          "Sequence Number": 2,&#10;          "Amount": 32876,&#10;          "Account Number": "0123456789",&#10;          "Batch Function": "D",&#10;          "Type": "CR"&#10;        },&#10;        {&#10;          "Record Type": "BAT",&#10;          "Sequence Number": 3,&#10;          "Amount": 87326,&#10;          "Account Number": "0123456788",&#10;          "Batch Function": "D",&#10;          "Type": "CR"&#10;        }&#10;      ],&#10;      "BCF": {&#10;        "Record Type": "BAT",&#10;        "Sequence Number": 4,&#10;        "Batch Transaction Count": 2,&#10;        "Batch Transaction Amount": 120202,&#10;        "Unique Batch Identifier": "A000000001",&#10;        "Batch Function": "T",&#10;        "Type": "CR"&#10;      },&#10;      "BCH": {&#10;        "Record Type": "BAT",&#10;        "Company Name": "ACME RESEARCH",&#10;        "Sequence Number": 1,&#10;        "Unique Batch Identifier": "A000000001",&#10;        "Batch Function": "H"&#10;      }&#10;    },&#10;    {&#10;      "TDR": [&#10;        {&#10;          "Record Type": "BAT",&#10;          "Sequence Number": 6,&#10;          "Amount": 3582,&#10;          "Account Number": "1234567890",&#10;          "Batch Function": "D",&#10;          "Type": "DB"&#10;        },&#10;        {&#10;          "Record Type": "BAT",&#10;          "Sequence Number": 7,&#10;          "Amount": 256,&#10;          "Account Number": "1234567891",&#10;          "Batch Function": "D",&#10;          "Type": "CR"&#10;        }&#10;      ],&#10;      "BCF": {&#10;        "Record Type": "BAT",&#10;        "Sequence Number": 8,&#10;        "Batch Transaction Count": 2,&#10;        "Batch Transaction Amount": 3326,&#10;        "Unique Batch Identifier": "A000000002",&#10;        "Batch Function": "T",&#10;        "Type": "DB"&#10;      },&#10;      "BCH": {&#10;        "Record Type": "BAT",&#10;        "Company Name": "AJAX EXPLOSIVES",&#10;        "Sequence Number": 5,&#10;        "Unique Batch Identifier": "A000000002",&#10;        "Batch Function": "H"&#10;      }&#10;    }&#10;  ],&#10;  "RQF": {&#10;    "Record Type": "RQF",&#10;    "File Batch Count": 2,&#10;    "File Transaction Count": 8,&#10;    "File Transaction Amount": 116876,&#10;    "Unique File Identifier": "A000000001",&#10;    "Type": "CR"&#10;  },&#10;  "RQH": {&#10;    "Record Type": "RQH",&#10;    "File Creation Time": "10:10:00",&#10;    "File Creation Date": "2018-09-01",&#10;    "Currency": "USD",&#10;    "Unique File Identifier": "A000000001"&#10;  }&#10;}]'/>

Reviewer 3: The set payload could be replaced with a File reader of the output of the "read flatfile example" right? Just to have this a little bit cleaner and understandable.

			"Account Number": tdr.TDR."Account Number",
			"Amount": tdr.TDR.Amount,
			"Type": tdr.TDR.'Type'
			},
		BCF: {
			"Record Type": batch.BCF."Record Type",
			"Sequence Number": batch.BCF."Sequence Number",
			"Batch Function": batch.BCF."Batch Function",
			"Batch Transaction Amount": batch.BCF."Batch Transaction Amount",
			"Type": batch.BCF.'Type',
			"Batch Transaction Count": batch.BCF."Batch Transaction Count",
			"Unique Batch Identifier": batch.BCF."Unique Batch Identifier"}
		},
	RQF: {
		"Record Type": payload.RQF."Record Type",
		"File Batch Count": payload.RQF."File Batch Count",
		"File Transaction Count": payload.RQF."File Transaction Count",
		"File Transaction Amount": payload.RQF."File Transaction Amount",
		Type: payload.RQF.Type,
		"Unique File Identifier": payload.RQF."Unique File Identifier"
	}
}
]]>
      </ee:set-payload>
    	</ee:message>
    </ee:transform>
    <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message='#[payload]'/>
    <file:write doc:name="Write flat file" config-ref="File_Config" path="${fileWritePath}" /> //<2>
	</flow>
</mule>
----

<1> Note that the Transform component specifies the following writer properties in the script header:
+

> * `output`: The output MIME type of the transformation, in this case `application/flatfile`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `output`: The output MIME type of the transformation, in this case, `application/flatfile`
```

* `schemapath`: The writer property that specifies the path to the flat file schema (`.ffs` file)
<2> Note that the File Write operation specifies the `path` property to define where to write the flat file

> === Transformation Output

Reviewer: ditto comment at Line 66

		"Unique File Identifier": payload.RQF."Unique File Identifier"
	}
}
]]>
      </ee:set-payload>
    	</ee:message>
    </ee:transform>
    <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message='#[payload]'/>
    <file:write doc:name="Write flat file" config-ref="File_Config" path="${fileWritePath}" /> //<2>
	</flow>
</mule>
----

<1> Note that the Transform component specifies the following writer properties in the script header:
+
* `output`: The output MIME type of the transformation, in this case, `application/flatfile`
* `schemapath`: The writer property that specifies the path to the flat file schema (`.ffs` file)
<2> Note that the File Write operation specifies the `path` property to define where to write the flat file

After its execution, the example application generates the following output:

----
RQH201809011010A000000001USD
BAT000001HACME RESEARCH                 A000000001
BAT000000D          0000000000
BAT000000D          0000000000
BAT000004T0000120202CR000002A000000001
BAT000005HAJAX EXPLOSIVES               A000000002
BAT000000D          0000000000
BAT000000D          0000000000
BAT000008T0000003326DB000002A000000002
RQF0002000008000000116876CRA000000001
----

> == Steps to Test the Examples Locally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Test the Examples Locally
```

> If you want to test the examples on your end, follow these steps to create and configure your example Mule application:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to test the examples locally, follow these steps to create and configure your example Mule application:
```

Reviewer 2: "on your end" is colloquial and might not be understood by all our readers

. Create a new *Mule Project* in Anypoint Studio.
. Copy the XML code of the application you want to test into the *Configuration XML* view of your project.

> . xref:studio::add-modules-in-studio-to.adoc[Add the file connector module] to your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Use xref:studio::add-modules-in-studio-to.adoc[Add Modules] to add the Anypoint Connector for File (File Connector] to your project.
```

Reviewer 2: Revised to refer to the connector by its official name while trying to make it clear that the Studio UI refers to it as a module...

> . Create a file named `flatfileconfig.properties` in the `src/main.resources` folder of your Mule application and set its content with the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create a file named `flatfileconfig.properties` in the `src/main/resources` folder of your Mule application and set its content with the following properties:
```

Reviewer 2: Even if main.resources is part of a Java package, we've usually used the directory path (with  forward slashes) to describe it because that's the path that Studio accepts in config fields, for ex. I'm not sure if it would accept the dot syntax.

+
----
fileReadPath=flatfile
schemaPath=flatfileschema.ffs
fileWritePath=flatfilenew
jsonFileReadPath=flatFileJson.json
fileWorkingDir=#[mule.home ++ "/apps/<your_app_name>/"]
----
** Replace `<your_app_name>` with the name of the Mule project you created.
+
This step sets the working directory for the File connector relative to the `src/main/resources` folder of your Mule application.

> . Create a file named `flatfile` in the `src/main.resources` folder of your Mule application and set its content with the xref:dataweave-flat-file-schemas.adoc#flat-file-sample-data [flat file sample data] from the DataWeave flat file schema example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create a file named `flatfile` in the `src/main/resources` folder of your Mule application, and set its content with the xref:dataweave-flat-file-schemas.adoc#flat-file-sample-data [flat file sample data] from the DataWeave flat file schema example.
```

> . Create a file named `flatfileschema.ffs` in the `src/main.resources` folder of your Mule application and set its content with the xref:dataweave-flat-file-schemas.adoc#full_schema_ex[full schema example] from the DataWeave flat file schema example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create a file named `flatfileschema.ffs` in the `src/main/resources` folder of your Mule application, and set its content with the xref:dataweave-flat-file-schemas.adoc#full_schema_ex[full schema example] from the DataWeave flat file schema example.
```

> . Create a file named `flatFileJson.json` in the `src/main.resources` folder of your Mule application and set its content with the <<json-transformation-output, JSON transformation output>> from the Example of Reading a Flat File.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create a file named `flatFileJson.json` in the `src/main/resources` folder of your Mule application, and set its content with the <<json-transformation-output, JSON transformation output>> from "Example of Reading a Flat File."
```

Reviewer 2: or maybe "... from the example that reads a flat file" instead of "... from the Example of Reading a Flat File." everywhere that occurs
